Enhance security guidance for static SSR in Blazor (#36401)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/security/index.md

:::moniker range=">= aspnetcore-8.0"

> Razor components of Blazor Web Apps never display `<NotAuthorized>` content when authorization fails server-side during static server-side rendering (static SSR). The server-side ASP.NET Core pipeline processes authorization on the server. Use server-side techniques like configuring <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cookies.CookieAuthenticationOptions.LoginPath%2A> to handle unauthorized requests. For more information, see <xref:blazor/components/render-modes#static-server-side-rendering-static-ssr>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Razor components of Blazor Web Apps never display `<NotAuthorized>` content when authorization fails server-side during static server-side rendering (static SSR). The server-side ASP.NET Core pipeline processes authorization on the server. Use server-side techniques, such as configuring <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cookies.CookieAuthenticationOptions.LoginPath%2A> to handle unauthorized requests. For more information, see <xref:blazor/components/render-modes#static-server-side-rendering-static-ssr>.
```
